YEARN07 Update - Instant Withdrawal (#339)
NethermindEth/Forta-Agents: Yearn-agents/InstantWithdrawal/README.md

## Description

This bot query the top 10 investors of every V2 Yearn Vault and check how much of their shares can be withdrawn instantly.

## Supported Chains

- Ethereum

## Alerts

Describe each of the type of alerts fired by this bot

- YEARN-7
  - Fired at least every 6 hours.
  - Severity is always set to "Info".
  - Type is always set to "Info".
  - The metadata contains:
    - `vault`: The vault analyzed.
    - `totalSupply`: Total supply of vault shares.
    - `sharesOwnedByTop10`: Amount of shares owned by the Top 10 investors.

>     - `shareAvailableToWithdrawByTop10`: Amount of shares the the Top 10 investors was able to withdrawn instantly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `shareAvailableToWithdrawByTop10`: Amount of shares the Top 10 investors were able to withdraw instantly.
```
